Carnivore-
A. Hello young one welcome to the world, you are what we call a T-Rex. A meat eating dinosaur and a future king of all dinos. Animals who only eat meat are called carnivores. Here is your first set of choices.
1a.Try and eat your mother (Die)
2a. Try and walk (go to B)
3a.rest (go to B)

B. Great you have the energy to walk. Lets venture out into the world and meet other dinosaurs.
You see a dino in the distance what do you do, he seems very long and is eating a smaller dinosaur, what do you do
1b. say hi (go to c)
2b. steer clear ( go to e)
3b. attack (die)

C.  The Achillobator a raptor who is also a carnivore, known for being long and quick with sharp claws doesn’t harm you but offers you meat.
1c. Eat ( go to D)
2c. Say no go on (go to F)
3c.kill him (go to H)

D. You eat from the raptor and you guys become good friends. A few years have passed and you guys find other dinos and form a pack with an Aerosteon, known for being air brained, which your friend is but he is very nice and good at hunting.
Now you guys are traveling around and see a herd of dinos eating grass, what do you do?
1d.Attack (go to G)
2d. Befriend them (die)
3d. leave them (go to E)

E. You leave the dino alone and go on about your daily life. Eventually you make more friends with other carnivore in including a Albertosaurus who is really greedy but is tough and likes to protct their mates.
You hear rumors of mutany in your pack however so you come to the conclusion that you must elimate one of them in order to show dominance.
1e.Eliminate the Albertosaurus (Die)
2e. eliminate the Achillobator (Go to F)
3e. Try and live with the mutany (Die)

F. The Achillobator thanks you for not killing him and letting him eat and as the world around you seems to be changing you guys stick close by one another
A meteor shower seems to have started around you, it was so sudden and half your pack is down. What do you do?
1f. Leave your pack and try and survive(Go to J)
2f. Save your best friend the Achillobator and leave the others (Go to J2)
3f. Try and save everyone(Die)

G.After attacking the herbivores you gain the support of your group and become their king. A few years pass and the temp feels really cold and you find out that the land might freeze over.
1g.Gather your friends and head south( GO to J2)
2g. Stick it out (Die)
3g. Head south were it is warm (Go to J)

H.Killing your first dino didn’t seem bad but now you have no real friends and other dinos avoid you
Being alone you wonder about traveling north were no dinos are.
1.Go north (Die)
2.Go south(Go to J)
3.Stay(Go to I)

I. Many dinos hate your guts and start to pick fights with you and say they will kill you if you don’t leave.
1.Stay and fight(die)
2.Go north(die)
3.Go south(go to J)

J.You go south and you survive the mass extinction, and you meet a smaller dino that you mate with to try and keep your species alive and end up having tiny lizards that carry on your legacy.
J2. You survive with your best friend and eventually mate and have small lizard kids. Now in this day and age your 10x great grandson sells car insurance.